Section Name: Cursor & AI Tools
How much Productivity boost have you experienced with Cursor ?
There is a significant increase in the AI usage with Cursor and code generation which is not getting directly translated into Sprint Velocity / Productivity gains. What is the reason you think ?
Do you need any support to improve the cursor adoption ?
Are you making 75 or more requests on an average a day ? If not, what is the reason ?
Any interesting use case / problems you have solved using Cursor ?
Give the reason for your choice in not making 75 or more requests on an average
Can you elaborate the issue in few words or any Suggestion to solve it with respect to Sprint Velocity / Productivity gains

Section Name: Sprint Retrospective
Sprint Retrospective Effectiveness
Were the action item from the Sprint retrospectives addressed during this release?
What was the action item and how was it resolved during the release?
Was Sprint retrospective Conducted for your Team at the end of each Sprint

Section Name: Release Planning & Awareness
Are you directly involved in the Release Deliverables for current release items or items planned and in progress for future releases?
How would you rate Release Overall (Individual Perspective) ?
How would you rate the release planning  in comparison to previous release plannings? (1-Poor, 5- Improved)
How well were you as an individual aware of your teams commitments and scope of work prior to release implementation start ? (1-Not Aware, 5- Aware)
What was your involvement in Release planning and the selection of commitments?  (1-Not Involved, 5-  Fully Involved)
Were you as an individual aware of the Release timelines and your tasks in hand for the Release ? (1-Somewhat Aware, 5- Fully Aware)
Detailed Epic Breakdown with estimates and scrum team ownership were done for your trackers parent epic prior to Release Implementation Initiation.
How confident were you in terms of your teams commitments and deliverables? (1-Not Confident, 5- Full Confidence)

Section Name: Agile Ceremonies
How would you rate effectiveness the Sprint Planning Meetings ? (1-Not Effective, 5- Effective)
Individual items efforts estimate for completion of the task is done by whom ?
How would you rate effectiveness of the Daily Standup connect to understand and analyse your tasks in hand ? (1-Not Effective, 5- Effective)
How would you rate effectiveness of the Sprint Closure / review meetings ? (1-Not Effective, 5- Effective)
Do you as an individual get sufficient opportunity to raise risk or concerns during agile ceremonies?
Do you get opportunity to learn new things in accordance to your role release over release?
Individual items efforts estimate for completion of the task is done by whom ? (Desired state is by scrum team)

Section Name: Capacity & Workload Management
Is your reserved capacity for the Historical support activities such as CS Bugs/Support tickets and others, sufficient during the release.
How was your available capacity utilised during the Release i.e. your workload. (1-Under Utilisation, 5- Over Utilisation)
What percentage of your capacity in the sprint was reserved for Items such as CS Support Bugs/Requests which cannot be estimated but as a team you reserve some bandwidth, as per history you are aware of such requests and your team reserves capacity for it ?(individual capacity reserved)
How much Adhoc requests (Request for which no bandwidth was reserved during Release/Sprint Planning) were received post sprint planning.

Section Name: Project Management & Coordination
Do you have sufficient details available on Jira to successfully and independently complete your assigned tasks
Was the Release Coordination Group initiated with representatives from each directors org, helpful and more efficient in managing the Release checkpoints and ensuring the key asks were routed better to the respective team/people?
How well were dependencies managed in the Release.
Check the Release Ceremony where there is need to spend more efforts to make the release more effective.
Check the Sprint Ceremony where there is need to spend more efforts to make the release more effective.
Do you have sufficient details available on Jira to successfully and independently complete your assigned tasks(details like description, acceptance criteria and timeline)
Any Suggestions for Jira enhancements?

Section Name: Process Improvement & Feedback
What is the top improvement area in the below list you would suggest to improve for a smoother release?
What do we need to improve in Release Implementation
Anything that you would like to call out which improved in this release as compared to the previous releases.
What is the most probable reason that deviates the planned timelines?
Applicable only for pure DEV or QA Resources - What percent of your available capacity is impacted by process changes and new processes enablement on regular tasks not the other cleanup activities from previous releases (Not Applicable to EM's, SM's & Other Folks responsible for process streamlining)
Any other thought you would like to share related to the releases.
In Your individual opinion are we considering the release Delivery Timelines and milestones while we are planning and delivering our assigned tasks
Do you have any suggestion for improving and streamlining the release further?
What was your engagement area during this release while not associated with the release deliverables?

Section Name: Role & Responsibilities
What's your primary role?
What's your primary role for the release?

Section Name: DevOps SSP
Are you accessing Self Service Portal
Is SSP useful for you ?
What other features do you want to have in SSP?